Smartphones are the most commonly used smart devices, but who has really realized that behind smartphones lies a high-risk technological competition between big countries? China's semiconductors, from software operating systems to hardware chips and chip manufacturing equipment, have been jointly sanctioned in the past few years by the West, especially against Huawei. Because its 5G chip is banned from OEM and many key components are limited in procurement, Huawei's mobile phone sales fell from 240 million to less than 30 million. As a result, Huawei, a leading enterprise of the 5G era, could only be forced to purchase 4G chips to maintain its mobile phone business.

However, this great industry giant has never dropped out. On August 29, 2023, after more than 1,500 days of sanctions, Huawei unexpectedly released the Mate 60 Pro mobile phone that supports the 5G network. It was the world's first smartphone enabling satellite calls and also used Huawei's Kirin 9000s chip with a localization rate of more than 90%, thus triggering a buying frenzy in China.

Flying in the face of the superpower crackdown on advanced technology, Huawei has fully demonstrated its resilience and courage, overcoming incredible difficulties, achieving brilliant breakthroughs, and causing a great sensation. This will surely exert a profound impact on the world semiconductor industry in the future.

As such a miracle, which we could call the "Huawei Breakthrough," suggests, when confronted with difficulties and pressures, only with unremitting self-improvement and firm unity of all the forces that can be united can we survive difficulties and hardships.

Please compose an argumentative essay of 300-800 words focusing on the unique phenomenon of the "Huawei Breakthrough" and its impact on your rethinking of personal life and success. You can support your argument with reasons based on your personal experiences and valid evidence.

参考译文：智能手机是我们最常使用的智能设备，但谁能真正意识到，在智能手机的背后，是大国之间高风险的技术竞争呢？中国半导体，
从软件操作系统到硬件芯片再到制造芯片的设备，在过去的几年里受到美西方国家联手制裁，尤以华为为甚。因5G芯片被禁止代工，众多零部件采购受限，
华为手机年销量从2.4亿部跌至不足3000万部。作为5G时代的领先企业，华为只能被迫采购4G芯片以维持手机业务。

但是，华为并没有放弃，在历经1500多天的制裁后，2023年8月29日，华为出其不意地发布了Mate 60 Pro手机，该手机支持5G网络，是全球首款支持
卫星通话的智能手机。Mate 60 Pro手机采用了华为自研的麒麟9000s芯片，国产化率超过90%，在国内引发了抢购狂潮。

面对超级强权的打压，华为充分展示了其韧性和勇气，克服了难以置信的困难，成功实现突围，引起巨大轰动，未来将对世界半导体行业产生深远的影响。

华为的突围经历告诉我们，面对困难和压力，唯有自强不息，团结一切可以团结的力量，才能战胜艰难困苦。

结合上述材料，请写一篇300-800字的文章，围绕“华为的突围”思考其对个人有哪些启示。你可以根据个人经验和有效的证据来阐释相关论点和理由。

Huawei, a well-known company in China, was famous for the smartphones they produced. Recently, Huawei launched Mate 60 pro, and it has a big impact on the industry of semiconductor in China, and it tells us, we must keep calm and have a strong determination when encountering problems.
Under the sanctions of the US, the employees and the employers of Huawei expressed their spirit of never giving up and they know, when every force can be gathered were all gathered together and with their strong determination, the problem can be solved, no matter how hard it is. As a matter of fact, for individuals, we can also learn the spirit of Huawei, and try to make ourself better.

For individuals, firstly, we should have enough courage to face with problems. If we are afraid that we can’t solve the problem, we may miss plenty of chances, but if we are full of coverage, there still have the possibility for you to solve it. If the employees and the employers in Huawei don’t have enough courage, we maybe can’t see the Huawei Mate 60 Pro is far ahead. So, courage may affect us while encountering problems. 

Besides, we should insist on the challenges we met. The real challenger for us is ourselves, not any other person, and if we are better day and day, we defeated the real challenger. Though sometimes the challenge maybe very tough, the more we challenge, the better we will become. As it’s known to us, Huawei is very successful nowadays, but behind the successful situation, many experts and developers are facing with the sanctions of the USA. Why are they still facing the challenges? They understand, the must face with the challenges, if they quit, our technology can’t reach this level and the problem of being stuck in the neck by a foreign country can never be solved. 

Last but not least, we must learn to cooperate with others. For only individuals, the power is too weak, and if two people cooperates together, the power must be higher than one of them. There is an old saying, “two heads are better than one.“. For one people, cooperate may affect a little, but for a group, the significant impact will be seen for everyone. If Huawei is not a company, not a group, I trust there may no Huawei. The problems will become easier with the cooperation of a group.

I believe, though we met difficult challenges, if we cooperate together, with our endless effort and have a strong courage, though we may start late, or have a big gap with others, we all can solve a lot of tough problems, and someday we will make us better and better.
